"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style." -Maya Angelou
"Make a difference about something other than yourselves." - Toni Morrison
"To love oneself is the beginning of a a lifelong romance." - Oscar Wilde
"Respect yourself enough/ To say 'I deserve peace'/ And walk away/ From people or things/ That prevent you/ From attaining it." - Jerico Silvers
"In a society that profits from your self doubt, liking yourself is a rebellious act." - Anonymous
"Good morning. You are perfectly cast in your life. I can't imagine anyone but you in the role. Go play." - Lin-Manuel Miranda
"The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." - Jim Rohn
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle Onassis
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I take a lot of pride in being myself. I'm comfortable with who I am." - James McAvoy
"The biggest competition is myself. I am not looking to follow others or pull them down. I'm planning to test my own boundaries." - Rain
 Take a deep slow breaths and write down what you're feeling. That will clear your mind and let you express yourself.
 Surround yourself in positivity. Try placing compliments to yourself on your mirror so that you can see them every time you get ready. 
 Start looking at people who look like you! Stop looking at magazines with people with unattainable features and start looking at regular everyday people.
 If you are feeling self-conscious, look in the mirror and tell yourself how wonderful you are. It's not vain to like yourself.
 To take your mind off of things, go out for a walk in nature. Fresh air will help to clear your troubles.
 Feeling Blue? Put on some of your favorite music and dance to the beat.
 If you ever feel uncomfortable in your own body, write a list of things you like about your physique.
 Look at pictures of yourself and appeciate the beauty that is within you. And when a negative thought comes through your mind, fight it off with a positive one.
"When you're different, sometimes you don't see the millions of people who accept you for what you are..." -Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart 
It's okay to cry when you're sad or lash out when you're angry. Your feelings are valid.
"If you have the ability to love, love yourself first." - Charles Bukowski
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." -Will Rogers
"Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life." -Steve Maraboli
"Lighten up on yourself. No one is perfect. Gently accept your humanness." - Deborah Day
"In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision." - Dalai Lama
"Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health." - Dalai Lama
Forgive yourself for the mistakes that you made. You'll make mistakes; it's okay. You'll be fine.
Get rid of people who make you view yourself in a negative light. They just make you feel bad about yourself.
Don't forget you deserve to be happy.